[OSDOCS]: ROSA Remaining CQA for GovCloud (#118174)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-govcloud-fedramp-signup.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_govcloud/rosa-govcloud-getting-started.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-govcloud-fedramp-signup_{context}"]
= Sign up for a Red Hat FedRAMP account

[role="_abstract"]

> A Red{nbsp}Hat FedRAMP account is required to deploy and manage {product-title} clusters in AWS GovCloud. After you submit an access request, the Red{nbsp}Hat support team works with you to configure admin details and user authentication for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a Red{nbsp}Hat FedRAMP account to deploy and manage {product-title} clusters in AWS GovCloud. After you submit an access request, the Red{nbsp}Hat support team works with you to configure admin details and user authentication for your organization.
```

Just to make it active voice.

* *User authentication* method for the FedRAMP {hybrid-console-second}, chosen from the following methods:
** _Local group in a Red{nbsp}Hat-managed Keycloak instance_, where users must set up multifactor authentication (MFA) with an approved device.
+
[NOTE]
====
Currently, only the link:https://www.yubico.com/product/yubikey-5-fips-series/yubikey-5c-nfc-fips-140-2/[YubiKey 5C NFC FIPS] device is accepted.
====
+
** _Customer-managed Identity Provider (IdP), integrated through OpenID Connect (OIDC)_, where you must provide the following:
*** *Discovery endpoint:* The IdP's OIDC discovery URL (typically ending in `/.well-known/openid-configuration`). Keycloak uses this URL to automatically fetch most of the IdP settings.
*** *Client ID and secret:* Credentials that allow Keycloak to authenticate with your IdP.
*** *Email domain(s):* A list of approved email domains. Only users with an email address from one of these domains can log in.
*** *Essential claim:* A specific key-value pair (for example, `"rh-approved": "true"`) that must be present in a user's token from the IdP to grant them access. In this configuration, you are responsible for implementing FIPS 140-2 validated MFA.

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Reviewer: Can you move all of these to the assemblies' additional resources?
